[Palindrome Products]: Approaches (#3310)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/palindrome-products/.articles/performance/content.md

# Performance

> In this approach, we'll find out the performance difference between approaches for palindrome product in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we'll examine the performance difference between approaches for `palindrome-products` in Python.
```

The [approaches page][approaches] lists two approaches to this exercise:

1. [Using a nested for loop][approach-nested-for-loop]
2. [Using a nested for loop, optimized edition][approach-nested-for-loop-optimized]

## Benchmarks

To benchmark the approaches, we wrote a [small benchmark application][benchmark-application] using the [`timeit`][timeit] library.

> These test were run in windows 11, using Python 3.11.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests were run in windows 11, using Python 3.11.1.
Your system results may vary.
```
